#100 azure terraform with docker (#158)
Arriven/db1000n: terraform/azure/README.md

# Attack via Azure

## Prerequisites

- Install terraform
- Register a new Zauzre account by providing a valid credit card and get 200$ free credits.
- [Prepare evironment for Azure Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs)
    - [The easiest option for auth is AzureCLI](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/guides/azure_cli)

## Attack

The composition creates contaner instances in 6 different regions for a more broad attack. If you want to make different setup, just alter modules in the main.tf.

- Create a new terraform.tfvars file in the folder, if you want change the default configuration of the farm:
    - bomblet_count=10   - can be used for custom number of containers per region.

- ```terrafrom init``` - to restore all dependencies.

- ```terraform apply -auto-approve``` - to provision the attack farm. 

## Collecting logs from the containers

> The container instances are provisioned without public IP adresses to make the setup more cost effective. If you deploy more than one container per region, play with the -01 sufix to get logs from the correct instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container instances are provisioned without public IP addresses to make the setup more cost-effective. If you deploy more than one container per region, play with the `-01` suffix to get logs from the correct instance.
```
